=head1 NAME

Luciole - Stop-motion capture tool for movie animations.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

luciole [I<options>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Luciole is a stop motion software for animation movie realization. 
It can make live capture of images from external devices as webcam or DV cam.
Luciole is intended to be easy to use for educational purpose 
and simplify animation movie mounting.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<-f , --file  I<project_path>>

Open luciole with project given by I<project_path>. The I<project_path> shall
be a luciole xml project file.

=item B<-v , --verbose>

Toggle luciole verbosity. useful for debug

=item B<-l , --logfile>

Log luciole cli data to $HOME/luciole.log. Associate it with option -v to log debug data to file

=back

=head1 DEBUGGING WITH GSTREAMER

If you need to debug luciole with gstreamer debug commands run :
luciole -v --gst-debug-level=3 >luciole.log 2>&1
All gstreamer debug options are availabe. See http://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/data/doc/gstreamer/head/manual/html/section-checklist-debug.html
for info about debugging with gstreamer

=head1 BUGS

Please report bugs at https://bugs.launchpad.net/luciole.

=head1 AUTHORS

B<Luciole> was written by Nicolas Bertrand <nico@inattendu.org> with help of grape team. 
This manual page was written by Nicolas Bertrand <nico@inattendu.org>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) : {2009-2010} by Nicolas Bertrand <nico@inattendu.org>

This software is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General
Public License v3 can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-3'.

=cut
